1.	OP40
a.	Machine can start from the top of the program for both manual and robot load. 
b.	Block skip on = manual load. Block skip off = robot load.
c.	If you are starting with the machine empty and looking for robot load:
	i.	Make sure that block skip is off.
	ii.	Make sure that you have the appropriate macro program called up on both paths.
	iii.	If you are changing over, just powered the machine on, or are unsure of the tailstock position, clear out macro #680 and set it to =0.
	iv.	Make sure that you have the U/L button selected. (Upper and Lower paths are both enabled)
	v.	Manually close the door for the first time.
	vi.	Enter memory mode and hit cycle start.
	vii.	The machine will check the position of the steady rest drop off position, orient the spindle, position the turrets, and open the doors. 
	viii.	The machine will be sitting at M357 with is the call to the robot.
d.	If there is a part in the machine that is finished:
	i.	Make sure block skip is off.
	ii.	Without removing the tailstock, manually close the doors, and start the variable program as instructed in “c.” on U/L mode.
	iii.	Machine will go through its checks, orient, and open the doors.
	iv.	It will be waiting for the robot, which will unload the part.
	v.	NOTE: All parts, regardless of condition will be unloaded by the robot if robot load is initiated. For incomplete parts, see next step.
e.	If there is a part in the machine, and it WAS loaded by the robot:
	i.	Make sure block skip is ON.
	ii.	Start the program from the beginning, with the doors in the closed position.
	iii.	Once the machine has started cutting, turn block skip OFF. The must happen before the end of the program.
	iv.	The robot will be able to pick up the part once the machine is done cutting.
f.	If you manually loaded the machine, the block skip button must be on the entire time. 

2.	OP50
a.	All steps are almost the same as above, except for the block skip button is not used. 
b.	On the OP50 machines, I had to utilize the bottom-right most button on the control to make a robot button.
	i.	The button is right above the ‘Program Protect’ keyed switch.
c.	Robot button on (lit up) = robot load on. Robot button off (light off) = manual load on.

3.	NOTES:
a.	#1006 is the macro variable that is read in the program on both OP40 and OP50.
b.	If #1006 is = 1, this means that the machine is in manual load mode.
c.	M357 is the robot call M-Code.
d.	#680 is the part number memory for calling up the tailstock and other variables.
	i.	If #680=0, the machine will position the tailstock.
e.	In both operations, when the part is waiting to be picked up by the robot, the tailstock is in at low pressure and the chuck is unclamped. 
	i.	This means that if you pull of the part, the part will lose orientation to the spindle. This will result in a crash on the robot end.
	ii.	If the rotational alignment is lost to the spindle, manually remove the part, and restart the program from the beginning.
